---
title: "Idea + Work"
path: "/2018/03/09/idea-work"
date: "2018-03-09T21:43:00.000Z"
tags: ["Perennial Seller","Books","Personal Growth"]
excerpt: "> 'I don't want to hear your *idea*. The idea is the easy part' - Casey Neistat (21)"
---

> "I don't want to hear your *idea*. The idea is the easy part" - Casey Neistat (21)

> "The best way to increase a startup's growth rate is to make the product so good people recommend it to your friends." - Paul Graham (20)

Think back to the lsat time you used a product you *thoroughly enjoyed.* It can be an app or a piece of furniture or a utensil, anything, physical or digital. Remember that feeling that you got what you started using it? I know whenever I see something that is built well I often times have a verbal "wow" that accompanies it.

How often does that experience occur for you? If you are like me, surprisingly not that often. But what is that? In *Perennial Seller*, the first few chapters (pages really) share some insights into this exact idea. The first problem is that creators don't want to put in the work. I know I fall guilty to this - I want the output without putting in the effort. If we are to make a product truly fantastic though, it requires the struggle and the highs and lows that come with it. Secondly, people love ideas. My post [The Dope Addiction](/blog/2018/01/21/the-dope-addiction.html) echos this same idea - *Ideas are cheap*. But people love them, love talking about them, love fantasizing. I know I do. I am 100% a perfect example of both of these flaws (which take up 4 pages of a 200+ page book) - I avoid the hard work and I have a new idea every week. So how do we move past that? Well, for now I'm going to keep on reading to try and find out.

---

Post inspired from: **Perennial Seller** by Ryan Holiday.
